new pack for cve-2025-31324 (#40401)
demisto/content: Packs/CVE_2025_31324/Playbooks/playbook-CVE-2025-31324_-_SAP_NetWeaver_Visual_Composer_README.md

> This playbook should be triggered manually or can be configured as a job.

Reviewer: Are we always adding this sentence?

Author: Yes

- **Endpoint**: `/developmentserver/metadatauploader`  
- **CVE ID**: CVE-2025-31324  
- **CVSS Score**: 10.0 (Critical)  
- **Exploitability**: Unauthenticated remote attackers can exploit this without user interaction  

This flaw allows unauthenticated attackers to upload arbitrary files (e.g., JSP web shells), enabling remote code execution with the same privileges as the SAP application server process.  
[Source: Unit42 - Palo Alto Networks](https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/threat-brief-sap-netweaver-cve-2025-31324/)

##  Mitigation and Recommendations

- **Apply Patch**: SAP Note #3594142 (released April 24, 2025)  
- **Disable Visual Composer** if not in use  
- **Restrict Access** to the vulnerable endpoint  
- **Monitor for IoCs** in `/irj/servlet_jsp/irj/root/` and suspicious traffic  

##  Conclusion

CVE-2025-31324 is actively exploited and is critically severe. Organizations should patch immediately, monitor for compromise, and disable or restrict vulnerable components.

[View official CVE details on NIST](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-31324)

##  Playbook Triggers
- Manually
- "CVE Exploitation - 986328356" Agent rule

> ##  Playbook Flow

Reviewer: should we change the order per the addoption to xsoar or we leave it as it is ( cause the steps are the same, nut not in the same order)

Author: I will make them bullets

1. Using XQL, identify potential SAP NetWeaver instances in your environment.
2. Using XQL, check if there are events that point to any potential webshells downloaded in the directories.
3. Directory enumeration to identify if there are already any suspicious files that might indicate a webshell.

> 4. *Collect* IOCs from a Unit42 blog, *search* them using the "Threat Hunting - Generic" playbook (supports Palo Alto networks products, Qradar, and Splunk), and *block* those indicators using the "Containment Plan - Block Indicators" playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. *Collect* IOCs from a Unit42 blog, *search* them using the "Threat Hunting - Generic" playbook (supports Palo Alto networks products, Qradar, and Splunk), and *block* those indicators using the "Block Indicators - Generic v3" playbook.
```
